That's my son.
I had a one-night stand with this Yang Qianfeng in a bar
He doesn't think I'm a rude woman, does he?
No, I have to rely on this kid to get some money
I go to a bar to get drunk just because I'm in a bad mood
You are my first man
This is really our child.
Ouch, look, I'll give you a stove carved out.
Take the eldest grandson away from me
That's great!
Our Yang family finally has a queen
Thanks.
Thank you for giving birth to a son for me
Jianfeng, I am willing
I know you have a wife and two daughters
Don't worry.
I won't ruin your relationship
But a child needs a father after all
I can give you the child.
As long as you, Sasha
Don't mention that frustrated woman
I served him for ten months
It turned out to be another daughter
Another money loser
Wrong.
That person might be dead in the hospital by now
As a woman, I can't even have a son
I don't deserve to live in this world anymore
Yes, Shanshan.
Mom likes you
You see your wife has saved
At first glance, it is a medicine for giving birth to a son
A set of upper half-mountain villas of the Wangjiafeng family in Zhongzhou
Cash 1 billion
I wish the eldest lady of the Luo family a happy son